Japanese Sword God
The leader has issued an exclusion order
You dare to enter the Dragon Kingdom without permission, there is only one way to die
Just kill you
No one knows if I'm tired or not
I want to understand why
Let you come back
No signal
Hahahaha
Since Lord Sword God is willing to come
It must keep you from tipping off
I've followed the signal jammer here.
Now it's just my WeChat phone.
To communicate with the micro-connection
So there's no signal.
What can be done then?
Surrender all assets if you don't know each other
Bo Sword God
Don't forget what happened to Jiang Yonghui some time ago
That trash
Poor planning
Caused me to lose my fart
Otherwise
You are Jiang Yonghui's superior
Good you know it's too late
We're all right. Nothing.
I want you to have 10 people for pomp
Really mysterious confidence
The original poster was real
You forgot to put your litter dog
Are people looking for teeth all over the place?
My god I killed you